Update authorization and pagination docs (#1814)
graphql/graphql.github.io: src/pages/learn/pagination.mdx

}
```

## Connection specification

> To ensure a consistent implementation of this pattern, the Relay project has a formal [specification](https://facebook.github.io/relay/graphql/connections.htm) you can follow for building GraphQL APIs that use a cursor-based connection pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure a consistent implementation of this pattern, the Relay project has a formal [specification](https://relay.dev/graphql/connections.htm) you can follow for building GraphQL APIs that use a cursor-based connection pattern - whether or not use you Relay.
```
